baby bug in holding
I was look the way I am so I decided I
was going to take some frequently asked
questions that all of you asked me on
the regular and I thought it was
extremely special for me to do this so
here we go
my favorite foods on my diet were
probably strawberries bananas I had a
lot of fat-free yogurt down and lighten
fit to be particular I had a lot of
carrots broccoli a lot of raw fish
basically a gluten-free diet which I
don't really recommend but that's what
worked for me at 245 pounds I got down
to 190 from 190 it was 175 from 175 I
became 150 and it just plummeted after
that I don't recommend a gluten-free
diet for everybody because everyone's
cravings are different but I will say
that it attributed to my rapid weight
loss within seven eight months I was 120
and it worked for me
when did I start fitting my clothes um I
would have to say at about 140 I felt
comfortable in new clothes I was
actually starting to go shopping at 145
I was hitting them all already and
getting excited for my new body so
definitely at about 140 i would say i
was starting to become comfortable in
buying new clothes
a lot of people ask me this this is a
real frequently asked question and it
was how old are you when this all
started I was 19 years old when I
started losing weight so those of you
that are in high school and are looking
for a role model or just someone to
inspire you or motivate or help kick
your ass I am your motivator it started
very early and I was freshly out of high
school and I was very very shy and very
amiable and very easily influenced and
so losing weight was something that was
necessary I wasn't influenced by actors
or actresses or singers or things that
I'd say on TV but it definitely was a
life change that I needed to make
what is a good motivator to start a good
motivator is something to inspire you a
lot of people call these things called
inspiration or things to help you get
thin fast I don't believe in that stuff
I think that you are your own
thinspiration the person that you want
to become you guys can look at my old
pictures that person is a completely
different person from who I am today and
that is enough inspiration your you
yourself need to become your own
motivator and your own pusher and if
that means making collages and photo
charts and documenting your whole
journey well then do it because those
Diaries and those journals are going to
mean something at the end of your
journey and they have definitely will
impress other people and inspire other
people to lose me as well
this is another very frequently asked
question and it is is running for
everyone running is not necessarily for
everyone I know people that have lost
weight from swimming to cycling to
roller blading to playing basketball or
even just like Dance Revolution or just
dance a lot of people have lost
incredible amounts of weight on that I
do have to say that running does take
weeks off of your workout I've always
said this in my videos it is completely
and utterly something that has worked
for me now if I had reached like 300
pounds or 350 I probably wouldn't have
start running right away to be honest
but um I was at a weight where I could
carry myself and still run jogging
didn't hurt every now and then and
neither did like aerobics classes or
signing up for cardio kinda inspired
workouts at the gym so I definitely just
make cardio needs to be the kicker for
for for everything weight loss and it
needs to start right away if you want to
join gym do it if you think that's
what's going to help but if you can be
your own coach go for it man because
it'll really change your life and i'll
change the way you look
you